c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe.config
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.pdb
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.xml
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaEntidad.dll
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaNegocios.dll
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaDatos.dll
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaEntidad.pdb
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaEntidad.xml
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaNegocios.pdb
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaNegocios.xml
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaDatos.pdb
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaDatos.xml
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.frmListadoProductos.resources
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.Resources.resources
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.xml
c:\users\suite-c301\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.pdb
F:\POOII\Semana08\Proyecto\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\bin\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe.config
F:\POOII\Semana08\Proyecto\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.exe
F:\POOII\Semana08\Proyecto\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.xml
F:\POOII\Semana08\Proyecto\Semana08\CapaPresentacion\obj\Debug\CapaPresentacion.pdb
